Harris Global Business Services (GBS) logo
Harris Global Business Services (GBS)
Share
Show more options
Senior DevSecOpts Engineer
India · Reposted 1 day ago · Over 100 people clicked apply
Responses managed off LinkedIn
 
 Remote
Matches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.

 Full-time
Matches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.

Apply
 
Save
Save Senior DevSecOpts Engineer at Harris Global Business Services (GBS)
How your profile and resume fit this job
Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features with Premium. Reactivate Premium: 50% Off



Show match details

Tailor my resume

Help me stand out

About the job
Business Unit

MEDHOST provides market-leading enterprise, departmental, and healthcare engagement solutions to healthcare facilities nationwide. Our integrated product portfolio includes intuitive, cloud-based clinical, financial, and operational solutions, including Your Care Everywhere®, a robust health and wellness consumer engagement platform.

Job Summary

The TechOps Engineer will serve as a skilled cloud engineer and architect that will handle all operations for highly visible multi-tenant applications for the Your Care Community platform.

This candidate will use a combination of Dev and TechOps skills to support operations, re-engineer processes, and implement continuous delivery practices while being on the forefront of the latest technology and automation practices.

Roles and Responsibilities

Design and implement the best practices of CI/CD pipeline
Design and implementation of Disaster recovery solution
Monitor and manage cloud infrastructure
Passionate about troubleshooting, debugging, and automation
Will be required to work in a team environment with much collaboration
May need to aggressively learn new skills to keep up with cutting edge technologies and evolving skill sets
Create and update documentation as needed
Respond to alerts and outages; participate in periodic 24x7 on-call schedule
Provide top notch, responsive customer service to client

Work Mode: Remote

Shift Timings: 6:30pm to 3:30am IST

Location: Remote-India

What We Are Looking For

(Mandatory Qualifications & Skills)

5 to7 years of working experience of AWS cloud infrastructure.
3 or more years’ experience in AWS
3 or more years’ experience in Linux operations, bash, or systems engineer role
Experience in a scripting and/or other development language a plus.
AWS certification required

(Preferred/Good-to-Have Skills)

What Would Make You Stand Out: 

Professional level experience with AWS and services related to infrastructure
Experience with systems and IT operations, having a good knowledge of networking and performance
Strong grasp of automation at many levels including infrastructure, build, configuration, testing, deployment
Professional level experience with configuration management and Infrastructure as Code (IaC)
Professional experience in designing High Level Architecture with ability to design for HA/DR
Professional experience in wide variety of tool sets (eg. Terraform, Chef, Jenkins, TeamCity)
Deep operational knowledge in both Windows and Linux environment (mostly Linux)
Experience with clustering and containerization technologies
Strong ability to communicate and collaborate with others and work in an Agile / Scrum environment

Soft Skills/ Behavioral Skills

Critical thinking,
Proactive
Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
Strong communication and collaboration skills.

Benefits

Annual Public Holidays as applicable
30 days total leave per calendar year
Mediclaim policy
Lifestyle Rewards Program
Group Term Life Insurance
Gratuity
...and more!
